Describe template basics (#837)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: includes/custom-templates.md

> Templates are options that end with **...Template** (in jQuery, Angular, and Vue) or **...Render**/**...Component** (in React).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Templates are passed as options that end with **...Template** (in jQuery, Angular, and Vue) or **...Render**/**...Component** (in React).
```

> Each template provides access to the following parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each template has access to the following parameters:
```

- `data`     

> A data source object or an object with fields useful for this particular template. For information on the contents of `data`, refer the template's API reference article and the **Template Data** section in it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A data source object or an object with fields specific for a particular template. For information on the contents of `data`, refer the template's API reference article and the **Template Data** section in it.
```

> A data source object or an object with fields specific for a particular template. For information on the contents of `data`, refer the template's API reference article and the **Template Data** section in it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A data source object or an object with fields specific to a particular template. For information on the contents of `data`, refer to the **Template Data** section of the template's API reference article.
```

        </DxList>
    </template>

    <script>
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.common.css';
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.light.css';

    import DxList from 'devextreme-vue/list';

    export default {
        components: {
            DxList
        },
        data() {
            return {
                listData: [
                    { itemProperty: 'someValue' },
                    // ...
                ]
            }
        }
    }
    </script>

##### React

    <!-- tab: App.js -->
    import React from 'react';
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.common.css';
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.light.css';

    import List from 'devextreme-react/list';

    const renderListItem = (data, index) => {
        return (
            <div>{index} - {data.itemProperty}</div>
        );
    }

    class App extends React.Component {
        listData = [
            { itemProperty: 'someValue' },
            // ...
        ];

        render() {
            return (
                <List
                    items={this.listData}
                    itemRender={renderListItem}
                />
            );
        }
    }
    export default App;

---

> Collection widgets also support templates for individual items. Do not specify the widget's **dataSource** option if you use individual templates.

Reviewer 2: I think "option if you use individual templates" should also be in italics.

---
##### jQuery

    <!-- tab: index.js -->
    $(function() {
        $("#listContainer").dxList({
            items: [{
                template: function () {
                    return $("<i>").text("Item 1")
                }
            }, {
                template: function () {
                    return $("<b>").text("Item 2")
                }
            },{
                template: function () {
                    return $("<div>").append(
                        $("<span>").text("Item with nested component"),
                        $("<div>").dxButton({
                            text: "Click me"
                        })
                    )
                }
            }]
        });
    });

##### Angular

    <!-- tab: app.component.html -->
    <dx-list>
        <dxi-item>
            <i>Item 1</i>
        </dxi-item>
        <dxi-item>
            <b>Item 2</b>
        </dxi-item>

>         <dxi-item>
>             Item with a nested component
>             <div *dxTemplate>
>                 <dx-button text="Click me"></dx-button>
>             </div>
>         </dxi-item>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <dxi-item>
            <div *dxTemplate>
                Item with a nested component
                <dx-button text="Click me"></dx-button>
            </div>
        </dxi-item>
```

    </dx-list>

    <!-- tab: app.module.ts -->
    import { BrowserModule } from '@angular/platform-browser';
    import { NgModule } from '@angular/core';
    import { AppComponent } from './app.component';

    import { DxListModule, DxButtonModule } from 'devextreme-angular';

    @NgModule({
        declarations: [
            AppComponent
        ],
        imports: [
            BrowserModule,
            DxListModule,
            DxButtonModule
        ],
        providers: [ ],
        bootstrap: [AppComponent]
    })
    export class AppModule { }

##### Vue

    <!-- tab: App.vue -->
    <template>
        <DxList>
            <DxItem>
                <template #default>
                    <i>Item 1</i>
                </template>
            </DxItem>
            <DxItem>
                <template #default>
                    <i>Item 2</i>
                </template>
            </DxItem>
            <DxItem>
                Item with a nested component
                <template #default>
                    <div>
                        <DxButton text="Click me" />
                    </div>
                </template>

>             </DxItem>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            <DxItem>
                <template #default>               
                    <div>
                        Item with a nested component
                        <DxButton text="Click me" />
                    </div>
                </template>
            </DxItem>
```
